{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Star (how to make a...)
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
I learned a lot in my short time at Bloom. During my stay, I helped to create Planetary which is an iPad app which visualizes your audio library as solar systems. For that project, I needed to create some realistic looking stars. This project is a little walk thru tutorial showing how I went about making energetic balls of light.\
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
This project was very much story based. Here is how you should use it. Start with the number '1' and work your way up to '7'. With each number, toggle the lighting on and off to see each of the 7 different pieces in light and dark. Once you understand each of the pieces, try combining them using the key command shortcuts listed below. Maybe you don't need to use the Sphere option, or maybe you don't like the intensity of the Coronal Ring. Mix and match and see what works best for you. Then, press '8' to see the full star in all its glory.\
\
But it doesn't end there. Pressing '9' starts up the star browser mode where you can see a variety of different stars and some planet systems. To cycle through the stars, use the '-' and '=' keys.\
\
In order, the stars are:\
Sun								Our baby\
Sirius A							The brightest star in the sky by a factor of 2\
Vega							Where Jodie Foster and her dad hugged on that beach\
Gliese 581						The current best hope for possible life on exoplanets\
HD 10180						The current prize holder for most exoplanets (likely 7, possibly 9)\
Gleise 710						Heading towards us, might collide with the Oort cloud\
Alpha Centari A					The largest star in the triple star system which is our closest solar neighbor\
Proxima Centari					The closest star, 4.2 light years away.\
\
Once you are on Proxima Centari, you can hit the 'M' key to show the largest known star, Canis Majoris.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Arrow keys (UP, DOWN, RIGHT)	Camera position presets\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Turns over head light on or off)\
1	Circle\
2	Gradient Texture\
3	Coronal Ring\
4	Sphere\
5	Scaling particles\
6	Rotating particles\
7	Dust\
8	Full sun\
9	Start the star browser\
- and =	Cycle through the stars when the in star browser mode.\
T	Gradient Texture Toggle\
C	Coronal Ring Toggle\
S	Sphere Toggle\
N	Nebulas Toggle (the scaling particles)\
G	Glows Toggle (the rotating particles)\
D	Dust Toggle\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room.\
\

\b Disclaimers:\

\b0 This project looked much better when I was using the DIN Bold font. But since I shouldn't be distributing fonts that cost money, I swapped it out with Arial. Boring Arial.\

\b \

\b0 This project is a little odd in that it can 
\i break
\i0  if you go through the key presses in the wrong order. See the Trivia section above for a description of how you should experience this project.
\b \

\b0 \
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}