{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Flocking
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
This is a rework of the Flocking tutorial I created for Cinder (google "Cinder Flocking Tutorial" because I am too lazy to provide the link and I am in an internet cafe with no internet\'85 go figure). This version pushes all the logic to the GPU allowing me to get away with 3 to 4x the number of particles from the original version.\
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
Prey love the glowing lights. Predators hate the glowing lights. Oh, and because I want to make things challenging, if a Predator actually succeeds in catching a Prey, the simulation will probably crash or some other odd thing will happen. Hopefully it is impossible. At least I think it is impossible. But if stuff starts acting weird, that would be the first thing I would check.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Turns over head light on or off. When light is off, glowing orbs will appear.)\
L	Add new glowing orb (remember, they are invisible when overhead light is on)\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room. Kinda goes to crap when the time is dropped to zero.\
\

\b Disclaimers:\

\b0 This was my second project which pushed physics calculations to the GPU. It is possible this only works on ATI cards. I just don't know because I didn't test it on anything but my MacBook Pro. It 
\i should
\i0  be stable but since these GPU code bits are awkward to debug, I can't really vouch for the stability of this code. I 
\i think
\i0  it is fine. I really do.
\b \

\b0 \
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}