{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Terrain
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
Sand. Lots and lots of sand. The dunes are sculpted by a reaction diffusion process that incorporates variables representing wind speed and direction.\
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
This project was built to follow a performance arc so some of the key commands will not work well with other. It will take some playing around to figure out all the useful modes. If you are just interested in learning about Reaction Diffusion without being bothered by the 3D sandy awkwardness of this project, check out the Cinder sample called 'RDiffusion'. It is just the reaction diffusion code without the extras. Great place to start if you want to know more about the math behind the scenes.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Right click and drag	Move the sphere around the space\
Arrow keys	Sphere position presets\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Switches between test chamber and infinite sandy dunes holochamber)\
1	Reaction Diffusion preset 1 (very duney)\
2	Reaction Diffusion preset 2 (deep rounded crevices)\
3	Reaction Diffusion preset 3 (almost like a turbulent sea)\
f and F	Reaction Diffusion F param adjustment\
k and K	Reaction Diffusion K param adjustment\
n and N	Reaction Diffusion N param adjustment\
w and W	Reaction Diffusion W param adjustment\
. and ,	Change scale of the simulation\
c and C	Camera position presets (conflicts with whether power is on or off)\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room\
\

\b Disclaimers:\

\b0 If you adjust the scale of the simulation ('.' and ',' keys), and you toggle to holochamber mode (spacebar), the camera will likely spend a lot of time under the surface of the sand.\
\
The sphere position can be controlled by right-click-and-drag but I didn't go the extra step to make the sphere match the cursor position. So it is a bit awkward to try and put the sphere in an exact position. \
\
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}