{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Big Bang
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
The ultimate beginning. The formation of the Universe. Obviously, I can't do a realtime simulation of trillions of trillions of particles so I needed to exercise a little creative freedom. \
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
Since the content exists in a room, I can create a cube map that looks like the room and use that to add environment reflections on the surface of the balloons. Easy and fast way to fake a ray-traced look. However, the balloons do nor reflect other balloons.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Left click and release	Pops a balloon if under cursor\
Arrow keys (UP, DOWN, RIGHT)	Camera position presets\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Triggers big bang or resets simulation)\
1	Default preset\
2	Behind-the-scenes preset (shows the particles and springs)\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room\
\

\b Disclaimers:
\b0 \
This piece really needs audio. As explained in the parent readme file, I removed all audio because it relies on FMOD and I also probably don't have the rights to distribute the sound effects I used. You can find the individual sound files at freesound.org. Search for things like "bang" or "pop" or "explosion".\
\
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}