{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Matter (and Antimatter)
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
When the Universe was created, it is theorized that 
\i space
\i0  was flooded with matter and antimatter particles. After countless particle pair annihilations, a little bit of matter was left over. This project is about the annihilation. I wanted to experience that chaos.\
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
Try this. Press '8'. Then tap spacebar and within a half second or so, tap the spacebar again. This will hopefully push a lot of the particles into the corners. Repeat this once more by tapping spacebar, wait half second, then tap again. You will hopefully now have a room filled with shiny white spheres. It is a nice look. Interrupting the simulation can often create these large spheres.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Turns simulation on or off) and toggle gravity\
G	Toggle gravity\
R	Reset current preset\
C	Clear all particles\
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 0	Presets for initial particle positions\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room\
\

\b Disclaimers:
\b0 \
This piece really needs audio. As explained in the parent readme file, I removed all audio because it relies on FMOD and I also probably don't have the rights to distribute the sound effects I used. You can find the individual sound files at freesound.org. Search for things like "bang" or "pop" or "explosion".\
\
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}