{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Bubble Chamber
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
This project 3D version of a bubble chamber simulation, though in retrospect, it maybe looks more like a neutrino detector. Tomato, tomato.\
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
The particle collisions are sufficiently rare so I added the ability to introduce 
\i moths
\i0  into the simulation space. If you are tired of waiting (and you really really should be), hit 'm' a few times and watch the moth bodies fly.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Arrow keys (UP, DOWN, RIGHT)	Camera position presets\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Turns over head light on or off)\
1,2,3,4,5,6	Controls the amount of particles entering the space. '1' is minimum, '6' is maximum\
M	Moths!\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room\
\

\b Disclaimers:\

\b0 There is a greater chance of experiencing moth-particle collisions if the time is slowed down. It is related to how I am doing my collision detections. When the particles are flying quickly through the space, they will have a greater chance of 
\i jumping over
\i0  the moths. So turning time down to about 15% is a good sweet spot for fun times.
\b \

\b0 \
This piece really needs audio. As explained in the parent readme file, I removed all audio because it relies on FMOD and I also probably don't have the rights to distribute the sound effects I used. You can find the individual sound files at freesound.org. Search for things like "bang" or "pop" or "explosion".\
\
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}