{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Ant Mill (failed)
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
Inspired by the quite macabre ant death spiral phenomenon, I created Ant Mill in hopes that I could recreate this horrid chunk of reality. I failed. This version is just a fairly basic ant-follows-pheromone-trail simulation. \
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
Ants are dicks. They never do what I tell them to. That is why I punished them by forcing the 
\i special ants
\i0  to carry the markers instead of just letting the markers float above them weightlessly. That'll show em.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Arrow keys (UP, DOWN, RIGHT)	Camera position presets\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Toggles visualization of pheromone trail)\
i	Initialize the simulation\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room\
\

\b Disclaimers:
\b0 \
The version I showed at Eyeo had an additional feature. I included the ability to drop a piece of anti-food which would explode when it touched food. I took this functionality out for code legibility (it was really shoehorned in there). If you must have anti-food explosions, combine the balloons and confetti from 
\b Big Bang
\b0  with the logic from 
\b Matter
\b0  and 
\b Shockwaves
\b0 , and voila! \
\
This piece really needs audio. As explained in the parent readme file, I removed all audio because it relies on FMOD and I also probably don't have the rights to distribute the sound effects I used. You can find the individual sound files at freesound.org. Search for things like "bang" or "pop" or "explosion".\
\
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}