{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 The Room
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
Here is where it all began. This was my take on the traditional Cornell Box simulations. I wanted to create the environment first and I settled on something simple. A room. Grey walls. Light panel ceiling. Ultimately does very little but serves as the foundation for the other projects in this series.\
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
The lighting in the room is all done in GLSL. If you want to have more control, and a few more fps, you could swap out the shader with textures for the walls. I only really wanted this faked radiosity look, but also have it be connected to the intensity of the overhead light, so I kept it all in the shader.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Arrow keys	Camera position presets\
Spacebar	Toggle power (turns light on or off)\
G	Toggle gravity (not relevant in this example)\
S	Toggle the saving of frames\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room (not relevant in this example)\
\

\b Disclaimers:
\b0 \
When I started this project, there was no power switch. Eventually I decided I wanted a toggle for turning content on or off. This became the variable named 
\i mPower
\i0 . Unfortunately, the first thing I did was link the power to the overhead light. I didn't really make the connection until much later, but this means that turning the power 
\i on
\i0  actually turns the overhead lighting 
\i off.
\i0  Sorry for this confusion. I was going to correct it but it is a feature in nearly all of the projects and I just didn't have time before the conference I was preparing for.}