{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Shockwaves
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
I have a love for shockwaves. Maybe because I live in Earthquake Country. In this project, you can trigger explosions that send out shockwaves which disturb either a 2D grid or 3D randomized spread of particles. The distance from the shockwave determines how much force is exerted on the particles.\
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
I started using shockwaves in my code fairly recently so I thought it would make sense to just create a study that would help me better understand how to code up a reasonable shockwave effect.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Arrow keys (UP, DOWN, RIGHT)	Camera position presets\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Turns over head light on or off)\
S	Trigger shockwave\
1	Reset simulation into a 2D grid\
2	Reset simulation into a 3D randomized spread\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room.\
\

\b Disclaimers:\

\b0 This piece really needs audio. As explained in the parent readme file, I removed all audio because it relies on FMOD and I also probably don't have the rights to distribute the sound effects I used. You can find the individual sound files at freesound.org. Search for things like "bang" or "pop" or "explosion".
\b \

\b0 \
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}