{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Repulsion
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
Not the best name for this project. I should have called it Gravitation. The scene is filled with spheres that attract each other. They experience sphere-sphere collision and response. Or I should say, they 
\i want
\i0  to experience it because I have a bug that I can't find. A weird bug that is so compelling, I decided to just let it live on as a surreal life form beyond my control.\
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
Seriously though, wtf is going on with this piece. Once the particles clump together, weird shit starts to happen. They act as a unit and reach out with tentacles. They sometimes spin off red blood cell looking pinched spherical forms that rotate and eventually remerge with the main organism. I love it. I don't understand it. I decided to not try an fix it.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Turns over head light on or off.)\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room. Doesn't quite work. It is either stopped or moving, and nothing in-between.\
\

\b Disclaimers:\

\b0 This was my third project which pushed physics calculations to the GPU. It is possible this only works on ATI cards. I just don't know because I didn't test it on anything but my MacBook Pro. It 
\i should
\i0  be stable but since these GPU code bits are awkward to debug, I can't really vouch for the stability of this code. I 
\i think
\i0  it is fine. I really do.
\b \

\b0 \
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}