{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Annihilation
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
This is a companion piece to the project called 
\b Matter
\b0 . I created it to show a macro representation of a matter-antimatter annihilation. \
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
This piece can be a little moody so here is a walk thru you should try. When it starts up, go ahead and toggle the spacebar and press '5'. The two particles will start to move together. When they stop moving, start to slow down time (using the mouse wheel or scroll gesture). The antimatter particle will start to stretch out to reach the matter particle. Continue to slow down time while moving the particles closer (number keys represent the distance between the particles\'85 '1' moves them far apart, '9' moves them really close, and '0' allows them to touch which will reset the simulation) while continuing to slow down time (don't stop it, a little bit of time is better than none in this example). This should help you achieve the very spooky 
\i hugging tentacles
\i0  effect I showed off during my presentation.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Turns simulation on or off)\
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 0	Presets for distance between the particles. '1' is far apart, '9' is very close, '0' allows them to touch.\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room (behaves oddly in this simulation)\
\

\b Disclaimers:
\b0 \
This piece really needs audio. As explained in the parent readme file, I removed all audio because it relies on FMOD and I also probably don't have the rights to distribute the sound effects I used. You can find the individual sound files at freesound.org. Search for things like "bang" or "pop" or "explosion".\
\
This project uses a ported version (ported by Tom Carden of Bloom) of a physics library (by Jeffrey Traer Bernstein) originally made for Processing. The ported version works, but it should be known I made some weird changes to it that probably made it worse (sorry!) so please don't spread this as a 
\i proper Cinder Physics library\'85 
\i0 because it is not.\
\
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}