{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26580\viewh19520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs52 \cf0 Forces
\b0\fs34 \
\

\b Description:
\b0 \
This is a 3D version of an older project called Addition/Subtraction. It is an attempt to visualize how forces can influence the space around it. There are two competing types of forces in this sim. One is positively charged, the other is negatively charged. They emit particles which move along flow field lines giving a better view as to how the space has been warped.\
\

\b Trivia:
\b0 \
The dark forces create crystal shards at their origin whereas the light forces drip particles onto the floor which quickly evaporate. Why? Why not.\
\

\b Key/Mouse Commands:
\b0 \
\pard\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Left click and drag	Drag camera around the simulation space\
Spacebar	Toggle power (Turns over head light on or off.)\
C	Clear the scene and re-spawn 8 new forces in randomized positions with randomized charges.\
Mouse wheel or scroll gesture	Adjust the speed that time passes in the room.\
\

\b Disclaimers:\

\b0 I think this is the only project in the series that will slow down and eventually die if you leave it running. I am constantly creating crystal shards and no cap has been put into place. So if you leave it running and go to the grocery store, Don't be surprised if you come back to a melted computer, dead houseplants, and severely pissed off neighbors and/or cats.\

\b \

\b0 I am not that happy with the performance of this piece. It can handle about 8 forces before the frame-rate starts to suffer. However, I think it only looks good when there are 50+ forces. So it could really use some optimizational loving.
\b \

\b0 \
Read the disclaimer in the Room project. It applies here as well.}